Las Vegas mcafee I am a chef chu's it
and he is my assistant chef daunting and
today hello so today we going to show
you the shop nice dish with Bowie is a
crack Susan he said basically crest so
we're going to start and we're going to
sit back Jack White Earth I'm going to
put
what you
and three full days
up on top
are we going to choose next to batter
with your a and now we're going to put
one comm check will you make to tell sue
me you know it's nice to answer
ok you add it on slowly that we together
smooth
and you have to get go to my website
editor ECT because the butter has to be
not too thick enough to
it would like people to show you we
always put half order of water enough of
me the warrior prevent the crepes to
stick to the pens so you see the batter
is getting you can reap a little more
shape and I'm going to add the water
slowly
it's nice to have it
and I'm going to bother me together
and like I can see is on me
in a county is mixing i'm going to put a
pinch of sword absurd we do who captures
it but you need to have facial soap
you can see the with the texture
and it's me
to the battery schools for egg crack
it's very good me
you can see how exactly perfect
okay so now let's go dunno in addition
you can
sure
and then has to be very very hot because
you want you cred crispy and beautiful
oh yes when you chef you cannot measure
your man no problem you want to do
make sure your body is smell is very hot
hey which is that every day at Las Vegas
for cafe the first cred is always longer
to heat it up your pants are you going
to see how beautiful is going to be
usually one school hey let go
yeah Jack the purpose bc
we are going to flip of it
you make sure it's cooked before you
turn over only meantime I'm going to
prepare eat it up to pay for don't
take equip a very nice summer
haha look out kid apologies
and you can do a revenue
and you can do chicken bread we serve a
las vegas to catch a chicken bread and
we make a sauce fish a man with a fresh
chicken and with mushroom is delicious
always you can always turn is so easy
and like that you can see it was a stick
to the pan and over and over
okay don't we have a little now you
can always
I'll need one time butter Oh or if you
like it not go see if you do you have to
practice you know you don't want any
hole
smooch had never
so you can always see so you can take a
pen tip and then Oh sometime it up into
so you can always
okay well I can wish can't shut up
okay so now the cracks is already cooked
so let me show you have to do this
I squeeze some special manju from here
so it's easy you just put pressure on
juice then you have to put on
stop it Liz
warm it up are we going to put a little
sugar
just do it together
sweetness
you see so many Z's new package ID done
you can from a two we like that in
France
see how beautiful it is and he's so good
if we can like i tol you will you do
with the chicken
Thank You
you have to fire to do the orange juice
that is Susan great if we could hear
crap
it's so easy
you can always add some strawberry
babies but you like even banana this way
so you have to wait years ago you can
serve just very real good choose it has
to be so hot shell can you give me some
white powder in an hour
I can see with me is a little bit sugar
i used to work with you can always add
further than pass your test
little pictures because to make sure you
see how the credit is nothing look at
that ensures pop in a plane don't burn
yourself
I tell you great to do the Sun one
one with Becky coercion
inquilab ET on Jacques the credit